Explain the difference between the "Support Team" and account support (#4621)
ppy/osu-wiki: wiki/People/The_Team/Support_Team/en.md

# Support Team

The **Support Team**, also known as **Support Team Redux**, are members of the osu! staff whom are focused at forum moderation on several subforums: [Development](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/2), [Gameplay & Rankings](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/13) (excluding [Tournaments](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/55) and [Mapping Techniques](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/61)), [Skinning](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/15), [Feature Requests](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/4), and [Help](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/5).

<!-- TODO: add a separate article for the second team (GitHub issue: #4620) -->

> The Support Team **shouldn't be mistaken for** the team that handles issues related to account management, as well as [silence and restriction appeals](/wiki/en/Help_Centre/Account_Restrictions#why-am-i-restricted?), via [support@ppy.sh](mailto:support@ppy.sh) and [accounts@ppy.sh](mailto:accounts@ppy.sh). While the latter is also called "The Support Team", the roles and responsibilities of these two teams are different.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Support Team shouldn't be mistaken for the team that handles issues related to account management, as well as [silence and restriction appeals](/wiki/Help_Centre/Account_Restrictions#why-am-i-restricted?), via [support@ppy.sh](mailto:support@ppy.sh) and [accounts@ppy.sh](mailto:accounts@ppy.sh). While the latter is also referred to as "Support", the roles and responsibilities of these two teams are different.
```
